Adapt test-fp script for ICON (#12)
MeteoSwiss/flexpart: test_meteoswiss/README.md

-----------------------------

Test script to prepare input data and run Flexpart. It
- Retrieves GRIB file from the operational or from a personal ICON storage
- Generates the `pathnames` and the `AVAILABLE` files
- Adapts the FLEXPART control input files according to the provided arguments
- Writes a batch-job file
- Submits the job on a queue

See usage and a short help with command

    ./test-fp --help

> For all settings see the settings section of the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full list of configuration options, refer to the Settings section within the script.
```
